chore(docs): replace typefaces with fontsource (#27313)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/using-web-fonts.md

### Using Google Fonts

The fastest way to get started using Google Fonts is by choosing a font from [Fontsource](https://github.com/fontsource/fontsource).

This example shows how to set up the [Open Sans](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Open+Sans) font. If you have a different Google Font you want to use, you can find the corresponding package in [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=fontsource) or the [packages directory in the Fontsource repository](https://github.com/fontsource/fontsource/tree/master/packages).

1. Run `npm install fontsource-open-sans` to download the necessary package files.

> 2. Then within your app entry file or site component, import it in. In Gatsby, it is recommended you import it via the layout template (`layout.js`), however, importing via page component (`index.js`), or `gatsby-browser.js` are viable alternatives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Then within your app entry file or site component, import the font package. It is recommended you import it via the layout template (`layout.js`). However, importing via page component (`index.js`), or `gatsby-browser.js` are viable alternatives.
```

### Using Google Fonts

> The fastest way to get started using Google Fonts is by choosing a font from [Fontsource](https://github.com/fontsource/fontsource).

Reviewer: In the future, I'm planning on removing either this doc or the Recipe doc, to reduce the redundancy. For now, I would update this section with the same edits I suggested above.
